good evening this is Nick Giordano doing
review for fish hound calm this is of
the equal laser-sharp circle see hooks
fish and calm sells a nice large
selection you know assortment of these a
laser sharp circle fish hooks these are
a couple that I had in my tackle box
lights talk to you guys about real quick
and basically this is one of the big
concerns I had when I first looked at
the Eagle Claw laser-sharp years ago
when I was growing up and they used to
have the Eagle Claw hooks everything
they had snails and everything that same
packet have had for years I never really
liked them I thought that the
craftsmanship on them wasn't the
greatest and it was probably just good
for catching bream in a pond but now
since Ivo got a little bit more educated
when I'm fishing with I've actually
started more exclusively buying the
Eagle Claw lazer sharp for my saltwater
fishing the reason why I'm bite of the
salt we're fishing is because the cost
effectiveness of them I mean they're
relatively inexpensive and for those
relatively inexpensive inexpensively
priced hooks you're getting a quality
product which what i'm going soft
fishing i'm not expecting to keep those
hooks longer than you know one or two
trips with running a file across but i
think i'm expecting that corrosion and
the thing is that the price point for
the eagleclaw lazer sharp is that nice
happy medium where i'm getting a nice
quality product i'm not paying an arm
and leg for it so that when it does
corrode I am done using it but a real
don't mind throwing it out and just
throwing any one on so that's why I
really think that the value for the
money is why the Peter sharp
see hooks new circle see hooks are you
know one of the reasons why I use them
for the money that you pay for them
you're getting you know quality you know
you're not paying the other thing is
you're not paying an arm a leg for these
certain up and mine throwing them out
when they start to get dull and you're
not going to risk getting those bad hook
sets on rusty hooks because of the price
point you're going to throw a fresh one
on there so again this is Nick Giordano
doing review for fish on Comm of the
Eagle Claw laser-sharp circle sea hooks
they have a nice large assortment of
these on fish I'll calm for a couple
bucks if you guys haven't tried them for
saltwater fishing I highly recommend it
so thanks again good night